our poor couch it sure has taken a
beating over the years
might be time to get a new one really
you want to throw something out just
because it's a little old
are there any two words more exciting
than couch shopping
no need i already went online and
ordered a new couch just like the old
one
[Music]
hey this one's going to springfield
chumps
don't everyone know that all new york
furniture is full of bed bugs
forget about it new cushion smell
i'm gonna put all my stuffed animals on
it
all right get comfy
the latest new york fashion has come to
springfield bed bugs
ew just hearing about them makes me itch
how do we get bed bugs probably one of
bart's dirty friends
boy why are your friends so dirty so now
why are your friends such
drunks bring out your bed
[Applause]
[Music]
oh people there is no need to worry i
have developed the
perfect bedbug repellent
marge milhouse was clean as a whistle
till he played with your boy
now we don't know it was the simpsons i
think the most obvious culprit is the
poorest family
please calm down reverend lovejoy is
here
he will give us sukhar
modifier pray through it's the parson
are you gonna let a sunny summer day be
ruined by a few
bubba bugs please meet your new
associate minister the rat reverend
elijah hooper everyone says great things
about you tim
and i can see why the posture the
haircut the tiny
feet it's amazing they hold you up but
they do
okay now who here has seen meet the
parents
me me me me me me me hilarious film
showed a whole new side of de niro
and that's all this thing really says
so don't waste your whole sunday
listening to us go home and watch one of
the die hard movies on tv
we're here every sunday just like snoopy
in color
can you believe this guy helen hey helen
tim
one day out of rehab and
[Music]
homer's pie man costume lisa's red dress
lisa's red dress
lisa's red dress sunday best bar
oh where is it my wedding dress he must
have my dress
let's go what's the hurry i don't want a
comedian
knowing my dress size yeah i found a
wedding dress in my dry cleaning we used
it in a sketch
where's my mail-order pride
yeah i'm afraid that dress is long gone
i threw it out the window during my
post-show hissy fit
before i let a holy joel walk in this
bar i got to know which of the two true
fates you represent
well i represent an easy-going offshoot
of protestantism that is the wrong thing
to say to a snake handler andre can i be
honest with you
i've sucked every church book ribbon
there is hoping to find one made of
cherry
but there isn't homer i love your
passion it's terrific it's really
something listen
i'm just thinking would you consider
being my deacon
deacon is that like one of those weird
catholic priest things hell
i'm not one for taking new jobs on a
whim well as we say in the snowplow
business
i'm your astronaut homer you're not
supposed to see the dress before the
wedding
just looking for the bathroom this is
not the bathroom
i wanted you to wear that dress at your
wedding well then you shouldn't feel bad
because i can't imagine myself ever
getting married i don't understand lisa
we let you get up early to watch the
royal wedding hey i have a weakness for
pomp since when now reverend lovejoy
will lead us in song
god lifts you up where you'll be
but first let me introduce our new
deacon homer simpson
it's an undersir
homer simpson a deacon but why left foot
across the threshold
now the right walking to car
stepped in hole twisted ankle
dad you always hated church now for the
record i hated the building
the people in it and the spirit it
represented i never hated the church
itself listen
kill own son only god can do that
day by day
mom i found your wedding dress
i staked out the alley and befriended
the garbage man who took it
then he gave it to a local theater
company who used it in the first
unsuccessful version of mamma mia thank
you for finding it sweetie
and seeing someone else get married in
it is better than having it myself
you never know mom i'm only eight i
might get married someday
a deeper day the deacon's job is
pretty okay pretty okay
[Music]
i'm gonna be a deacon i don't think this
is what martin presby luther had in mind
when he founded our religion by sticking
his three suggestions under the pope's
windshield wiper
mr flanders this new reverend has thrown
tar in your half pipe too
the 7 500 is all about jets jets jets
that's the one place you cannot cut
corners that of course in underwater
speakers
reverend we want you to come back well
let's face it
i wasn't cut out for that job nobody
listened
look the boy's not even listening now
he's right these underwater speakers are
amazing sorry ned
i finally found my calling how are you
guys fixed for decking
oh what a surprise a huge new expense
you didn't tell us about
god doesn't need twitter to reach people
he uses leprosy and plagues
hmm play flanders are you willing to get
lovejoy back by hook or by crook
neither and i don't like it when other
people rhyme yes but if i do something
will you look the other way
now what's this prank first we got every
dead bedbug in town
to think those exterminators were just
gonna throw these beauties away
now to leave a nice clean trail of bugs
out of the swamp
oh much better
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
it's okay everyone who here has seen the
blind side with sandy bullock
remember when big mike was overwhelmed
with scholarship offers well that's kind
of how we are with these frogs
to hell with your references um video
games to uh twitter
how to train your dragon fight club
the lord is my shepherd i shall not want
its boringness saved us all
let us pray
[Music]
compliments of the deacon
you